67
Measuring our greenhouse gas emissions
Effective energy management is central to our 
environmental strategy. During the year, our total energy 
consumption reached 10,844.96 MWh(1)
, comprised of 
233.77 MWh derived from the use of non-renewable 
fuels (6.02  MWh
(2)
 Diesel and 227.75  MWh
(3)
 Natural 
Gas) and 10,611.19 MWh(4)
 from on-site electricity. 
In addition our “Work from Anywhere” policy, allow 
Globers to perform their duties from offices, their 
homes, or alternative locations, depending on their 
needs. While this flexibility enhances work-life balance 
and operational adaptability, it also requires a robust 
approach to capturing energy use beyond conventional 
office environments. T
o address this, we use 
“MyFootprint”, our internal web app that estimates the 
carbon footprint associated with employees’ commuting 
habits and remote-work setups. 
The app collects information on typical work scenarios 
throughout the year, including the energy consumption 
of laptops, monitors, and heating or cooling equipment 
used in home workspaces. Globers can update their 
information at any time, ensuring that the data reflects 
their actual working conditions. In 2025, the estimated 
energy consumption associated with remote work 
reached 11,077.15 MWh(5)
, informed by 9,860 Globers
who updated their commuting and working-from-home 
profiles in the application. Beyond improving reporting 
accuracy, MyFootprint encourages employees to reflect 
on their daily choices and adopt more energy-efficient 
behaviors.
In addition to office and remote-work consumption, we also 
include electricity used by third-party data centers, which 
totaled 586.77 MWh(6)
 in 2025, representing a decrease of 
10.1% vs the previous year
. We also include energy losses 
associated with electricity transmission and distribution in 
national grids across the countries where we operate, which 
accounted for an additional 2,507.41 MWh(7)
. In this sense 
our total energy consumption outside the organization was 
14,171.33 MWh(7)
.
Energy management
(1) The conversion factor from MWh to GJ is 3.6 GJ/MWh. 
 
(2) Includes an estimate of 6.1% of total diesel fuel consumption based on the 
reported consumption. The conversion factor from MWh to GJ is 3.6 GJ/MWh. 
 
(3) Includes an estimate of 19.4% of total natural gas consumption based on the 
reported consumption. The conversion factor from MWh to GJ is 3.6 GJ/MWh. 
 
(4) Calculated as the electricity consumption within the organization, considering 
the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Belarus, Brazil, Bulgary, Canada, Chile, 
China, Colombia, Costa Rica, Denmark, Ecuador, France, Germany, India, Italy, 
Ireland, Luxemburg, Mexico, Moldova, Morocco, Peru, Philippines, Portugal, 
Romania, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Spain, UK, United Arab Emirates, Uruguay, USA 
and Vietnam.The conversion factor from MWh to GJ is 3.6 GJ/MWh. 
 
(5) Includes electricity, natural gas and solid fuels consumption.Corresponds to 
estimated consumption based on the results of the survey MyFootprint updated in 
2025.Estimates are based on responses from 37% of the total global payroll.The 
conversion factor from MWh to GJ is 3.6 GJ/MWh. 
 
(6) Includes an estimate of 3.6% by projection. 
The conversion factor from MWh to GJ is 3.6 GJ/MWh. 
 
(7) The conversion factor from MWh to GJ is 3.6 GJ/MWh.
Energy intensity Ratio(1) 
0.39 MWh/Glober 
(1) The energy intensity ratio includes the energy consumed of 
electricity and from the Non-renewable fuel sources.The ratio uses 
energy consumption within the organization.

68
We measure our corporate carbon footprint annually, a 
practice we have strengthened since 2012 to enhance the 
quality, depth, and precision of our GHG data. Our 
calculation methodology undergoes independent third-
party assurance to ensure the reliability and transparency 
of our disclosures. This process is carried out in 
accordance with internationally recognized standards, 
including ISAE 3000 for non-financial assurance 
engagements and ISAE 3410 for greenhouse gas 
statements, issued by the International Auditing and 
Assurance Standards Board. 
In alignment with the Corporate GHG Protocol, we define 
our organizational boundaries using the operational 
control approach. We consider the reporting and 
processing of energy consumption and emission data from 
all locations where the headcount exceeds 1% of Globant’
s 
total payroll at the end of the reporting period. When 
mergers or acquisitions modify this threshold, newly 
incorporated operations are added effective on their 
official “roll-out” date, and baselines are recalculated  
as needed. 
We measure direct GHG emissions, Scope 1, from 
stationary combustion sources under our control—such as 
backup power generators, natural gas use in offices, and 
fugitive emissions from air-conditioning systems. Our 
Scope 2 inventory includes indirect emissions from 
electricity consumption, reported under both the location-
based and market-based methods. 
Our assessment also covers material upstream Scope 3 
categories relevant to our business model, including:
Our Carbon Numbers
Purchased Goods and Services: electricity 
consumption from third-party data centers. 
Capital Goods: emissions associated with hardware 
and other capital goods. 
Business Travel: emissions from domestic and 
international flights. 
Employee Commuting: emissions associated with 
commuting patterns and working-from-home.
By maintaining rigorous measurement practices and 
continuously improving the completeness and 
granularity of our data, Globant strengthens the 
consistency and comparability of its carbon footprint 
while supporting transparent climate-related reporting 
across its global operations. 
Working from home
Natural Gas
Diesel 
Capital Goods
Purchased Goods 
& Services
Fugitive Emissions
Business Travel
Employee 
Commuting
14.0%
0.13%
0.01%
35.5%
0.99%
1.19%
30.6%
17.5%
GHG Emissions 2025:  
16,990.02 tCO2e

69
1.13%
98.87%
of total emissions
of total emissions
(5)
of total  
emissions
Refrigerant Gas(2)
100% Renewable Electricity Supply
Business Travel
(8)
Employee Commuting
(9)
Working from Home Modalities
(9)
Fuel and Energy related activities
(10)
167.96 tCO₂e
87.61%
(Scope 1) Direct GHG emissions 
Gasses Included: CO
2
 , N
2
O ,CH
4
, R410
(Scope 2) Indirect GHG Emissions  
Gasses Included: CO
2
, CH
4
, N
2
O
(Scope 3) Other indirect GHG emissions
Market Based(5): 16,798.31 tCO2e
Location Based(11): 17,669.72  tCO2e
Gasses Included: CO
2
, CH
4
, N
2
O
Reporting Company
Upstream Activities
Upstream Activities
22.13 tCO₂e
3,243.03  tCO
2
e
(4)
6,036.37 tCO₂e
5,205.22 tCO₂e
2,981.12 tCO₂e
2,372.93 tCO₂e
0 tCO2e
(10)
191.71  tCO2e(1)
Diesel Fuel(1)
Market-Based
Purchased Goods and Services(6)
1.62 tCO₂e
0  tCO
2
e
(3)
202.67 tCO₂e
0.85%
0%
1.21%
16.03%
35.93%
17.75%
14.13%
0%
30.99%
11.54%
Natural Gas(1)
Location Based
Capital Goods(7)
(1) Considering the regions with a headcount ≥ 1% of the total Globant payroll 
at the end of the period under analysis. 
(2) The scope includes those sites in Argentina where refrigerant gas was 
replenished. 
(3) By acquiring renewable energy certificates based on I-REC (International 
Renewable Energy Certificate), Green-e and GO (Guarantees of Origin), 
Globant covers 100% of electricity consumption through renewable 
sources.In line with the criteria of the RE100 Standard, when the purchase of 
local certificates was not technically feasible (because the installed capacity 
of the renewable parks was not sufficient to cover the demand, or due to the 
lack of access to a local certificate market), the aquisition was completed 
through external markets, these are the cases of Uruguay (where I-RECs were 
sourced from Argentina), Ecuador and Costa Rica (where I-RECs were 
sourced from Peru). 
(4) Emissions are calculated using local emission factors of each country 
within the scope.Report limits: regions with a headcount ≥ 1% of Globant’s 
total payroll at the end of the period under analysis. Operational limits: 
Installed power that is part of the permanent infrastructure for exclusive use at 
each site in each of the countries where Globant operates. 
(5) Includes the following categories: 
- Cat. 1: Purchased Goods and Services. 
- Cat. 2: Capital Goods 
- Cat. 3: Fuel and energy related activities not included in Scope 1 or 2 - T&D 
losses 
- Cat. 6: Business travel - air travel 
- Cat. 7: Employee Commuting & Working from home 
By acquiring renewable energy certificates based on green-e, I-REC 
(International Renewable Energy Certificate) and GO (Guarantees of Origin) 
standards, Globant covers 100% of electricity consumption (including T&D 
losses) through renewable sources, which implies zero T&D losses emissions. 
(6) Includes an estimate of 3.7% by projection. 
(7) Scope: The calculation considered the company’s capitalized assets 
(Fixed assets) as of December 31, 2025, including hardware (notebooks, 
Tablets, Servers, PC, Monitors and other electronic products) and other 
commodities (such as construction, furniture, telecommunication and 
networking). Emission factors were obtained from public sources, for 
hardware from the reports of the corresponding suppliers when available, 
and for other capital goods from US EPA Supply Chain GHG Emission 
Factors. Report limits: regions with a headcount ≥ 1% of Globant’s total 
payroll at the end of the period under analysis.  
(8) Emissions were obtained for each segment from the ICAO (International 
Civil Aviation Organization) website. When the information was not available, 
the calculation was made from the km between airports and emission factors 
obtained from DEFRA UK, 2025. Report limits: regions with a headcount ≥ 1% 
of Globant’s total payroll at the end of the period under analysis. 
(9) Report limits: regions with a headcount ≥ 1% of Globant’s total payroll at 
the end of the period under analysis. Corresponds to estimated consumption 
based on the results of the survey MyFootprint updated in 2025.Estimates are 
based on responses from 37% of total employees in the countries in scope. 
(10) Fuel and other energy-related activities -Location Based: 871.41  
tCO2e.By acquiring renewable energy certificates based on green-e, I-REC 
(International Renewable Energy Certificate) and GO (Guarantees of Origin) 
standards, Globant covers 100% of electricity consumption (including T&D 
losses) through renewable sources, which implies zero T&D losses emissions. 
(11) Includes the following categories: 
- Cat. 1: Purchased Goods and Services. 
- Cat. 2: Capital Goods 
- Cat. 3: Fuel and energy related activities not included in Scope 1 or 2 - T&D 
losses 
- Cat. 6: Business travel - air travel 
- Cat. 7: Employee Commuting & Working from home 
By acquiring renewable energy certificates based on green-e, I-REC 
(International Renewable Energy Certificate) and GO (Guarantees of Origin) 
standards, Globant covers 100% of electricity consumption (including T&D 
losses) through renewable sources, which implies zero T&D losses emissions. 
Report limits: regions with a headcount ≥ 1% of Globant’s total payroll at the 
end of the period under analysis.

80
WWF
Globant partnered with WWF to digitize and scale a carbon footprint 
calculator for Argentinian agro-businesses.
Business Challenge 
The World Wildlife Fund (WWF), a global conservation organization committed to addressing climate 
change and preserving natural ecosystems, sought to expand the impact of its carbon footprint calculator 
for the beef production value chain in Argentina. While the existing Excel-based tool was technically solid, 
it faced limitations in scalability, accessibility, and user experience. These constraints hindered 
widespread adoption among farmers and limited WWF’
s ability to generate consolidated insights for data-
driven sustainability strategies.
Project Description:  
Carbon Footprint Calculator for Livestock Production  
Globant supported WWF in transforming its Excel-based calculator into an interactive, web-based solution 
built on the GeneXus low-code platform. The new digital tool enables farmers to measure both the carbon 
footprint and productivity of their operations through a user-friendly interface. By analyzing variables such 
as energy consumption, herd composition, and feeding practices, the platform delivers clear and 
actionable insights to improve environmental and operational performance. The solution also enhances 
data consolidation and reporting capabilities across the value chain.
Value Delivered 
 
Globant delivered a scalable and accessible digital platform to significantly increased adoption among farmers 
and stakeholders. The solution was designed to improve usability, streamlined data collection, and enabled 
more robust environmental analysis. By turning complex calculations into practical insights, the tool empowers 
agro-businesses to reduce emissions, optimize productivity, and advance more sustainable livestock practices 
across Argentina’
s beef sector
. 

81
Compensate 
beyond value 
chain mitigation
Climate 
Performance 
Disclosure
The Qori Q’oncha program, managed by Microsol 
in Peru, enhances the quality of life of rural 
families through the installation and maintenance 
of Improved Cookstoves (ICS). 
In 2025, Globant supported the Qori Q’
oncha 
Program, contributing to the prevention of 18,000 
tonnes of CO₂ emissions from being released into 
the atmosphere. This support advances access to 
cleaner cooking technologies and promotes 
emissions reductions in vulnerable communities 
in the La Libertad region. 
Beyond its climate impact, the initiative helps 
reduce household air pollution, improve health 
conditions—particularly for women and children—
and decrease the time families spend collecting 
firewood. This, in turn, creates greater 
opportunities for education, training, and 
community development.
Transparency in environmental performance 
provides stakeholders with relevant financial and 
operational insights to inform business decisions 
and investments. By disclosing our climate 
performance, we reinforce accountability and 
demonstrate our long-term commitment to 
sustainable value creation. 
We integrated the recommendations of the T
ask 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) into this report. Alignment with TCFD
enhances our ability to identify, assess, and manage 
climate-related risks and opportunities, while 
improving the robustness, comparability, and 
reliability of our climate reporting. 
Through our participation in CDP (formerly the 
Carbon Disclosure Project), we maintained a B score 
in the Climate Change questionnaire and an A- in 
the Supplier Engagement Assessment (SEA), which 
evaluates how effectively companies engage 
suppliers on climate action across governance, 
targets, and value-chain emissions.  
This achievement demonstrates continued progress 
in climate governance and emissions management, 
while highlighting the work ahead to further elevate 
our performance. 
Also, as part of our value chain engagement, we 
participate in the EcoVadis Sustainability Rating, 
earning a Commitment Badge and driving 
continuous improvement in social and environmental 
performance across our supply chain. 
Advancing as a climate-tech company is a collective 
effort. Through active collaboration with our Globers, 
clients, investors, and partners, we continue to evolve 
our business model, design sustainable solutions, 
and address climate-related challenges while 
supporting long-term growth.
Thanks to these efforts, Globant fully 
compensated its remaining emissions 
for 2025.
For more information about Public Disclosure Statement 
Pursuant to California AB 1305: Voluntary Carbon Market 
Disclosures.

82
While mitigation remains central to our climate strategy, 
we recognize that adaptation is equally critical in 
addressing the growing challenges posed by a volatile 
climate. Strengthening our resilience enables us            
to safeguard our people, operations, and long-term       
value creation. 
Understanding the potential impacts of extreme weather 
events and natural disasters, we continuously evolve our 
business model to enhance operational continuity while 
supporting our employees’ well-being. Our Be Kind to 
Yourself (BKTY) initiative is embedded in Globant’
s 
culture and promotes self-care by equipping Globers 
with tools to nurture their mental, physical, and social 
well-being. 
Flexible work arrangements—including remote and 
hybrid models—play a key role in our adaptation 
approach. These measures allow employees to manage 
personal and professional responsibilities during 
disruptive events (such as heatwaves or extreme 
weather), reduce stress, and maintain overall wellness 
while ensuring business continuity.
Climate volatility may also contribute to migration, 
displacement, or geopolitical disruptions. Our 
regionalized and decentralized talent model strengthens 
operational resilience by enabling continuity in the face 
of localized physical risks or shifting workforce 
dynamics. When appropriate, we activate Charitable 
Campaigns to support affected communities, with 
company-matching mechanisms to amplify impact.  
Operationally, we mitigate energy-related physical risks 
through backup electricity generators strategically 
located across facilities to reduce service disruptions 
during outages. In parallel, our Energy Management 
System monitors consumption and billing trends, 
enabling proactive cost management and strengthening 
preparedness for mid- and long-term energy volatility. 
Through these combined measures, we continue to 
enhance our capacity to adapt to climate-related risks 
while protecting our people, communities, and   
business operations.
Climate Adaptation